---
title: New Beginnings
layout: post
---

Can’t quite remember where I left off in my last post, so I’ll just start at the beginning or the “new beginning”. I have a 14 month old daughter named Brighton. She had a rough start of it by having to stay in the NICU for about 5 days. That may have been the hardest thing my husband and I have ever had to do and I know for sure I have never been so exhausted in all of my life. We did not leave the hospital even after our stay was up, we stayed in a small closet room right next to the NICU with no bathroom for the remainder of the time. Coming home was really exciting and also incredibly scary, but we did it . We used trial and error to figure things out and we are still trucking along...I’ll skip forward to the present...I am a full time student in the school counseling program at my alumni. I also continue to work at the after school/summer program I have been the assistant director of for five years, but now I am part time. Due to my sister-in-law’s insistence I am also attending a bootcamp class 3 days a week, although I have to admit I really enjoy it. The remainder of my time is spent with my daughter and or husband. We are lucky enough to have family to keep her so that she is not in daycare or too far away. Sleep has become something that is no longer really necessary.

Initially I said perhaps I would talk about celebrity news, or parenting, etc.....but since becoming a parent I have learned perhaps I have more questions than answers and most of the time I am winging it. So rather than advice (which I have become to truly despise from others regarding my child) I will just be honest and tell you my story. What has worked for me and what hasn’t. I feel very lucky and privileged to have the opportunity to have a healthy, happy, and loved daughter.I have to admit my celebrity knowledge impresses those close to me and if I could find some sort of financial benefit I totally would. Anyway in my next post I may back track and discuss my difficulties in making this awesome little creature that now calls me “Mama.” So here’s to “new beginnings!”
